README.md, before:

#RVO2 NGL Demos
![alt tag](http://nccastaff.bournemouth.ac.uk/jmacey/GraphicsLib/Demos/RVO2.png)

A series of demos showing how to use the RV02 and RV02-3D [lib](http://gamma.cs.unc.edu/RVO2/) and NGL. For ease of use and compilation I have copied the source code of the libraries to the project directory and included them in the source build.

#[Blocks](https://github.com/NCCA/RVO2NGL/tree/master/Blocks)
This demo creates 4 block an a series of agents to navigate around them. It is based on [this](https://github.com/snape/RVO2/blob/master/examples/Blocks.cpp) demo.

#[Circle](https://github.com/NCCA/RVO2NGL/tree/master/Circle)
This demo creates a circle of agents and makes them travel to thier antipodal position on the circle. It is based on [this](https://github.com/snape/RVO2/blob/master/examples/Circle.cpp) demo.

#[Roadmap](https://github.com/NCCA/RVO2NGL/tree/master/Roadmap)

Example file showing a demo with 100 agents split in four groups initially positioned in four corners of the environment. Each agent attempts to move to other side of the environment through a narrow passage generated by four obstacles. There is a roadmap to guide the agents around the obstacles.

It is based on [this](https://github.com/snape/RVO2/blob/master/examples/Roadmap.cpp) demo.


#[Circle](https://github.com/NCCA/RVO2NGL/tree/master/Sphere)
This demo uses the RVO2-3D version from [here] (https://github.com/snape/RVO2-3D). This demo creates a sphere of agents and makes them travel to thier antipodal position on the circle. It is based on [this](https://github.com/snape/RVO2-3D/blob/master/examples/Sphere.cpp) demo.

#Code Structure


These demos are all based on the examples shiped with the library and have the same format for each, the initial demos are highlighted above.

```
	/// a pointer to the sim
    std::unique_ptr<RVO::RVOSimulator > m_sim;
    /// goals for the sim to reach
    std::vector <int> m_goals;
    // called to setup the simulation
    void setupSim();
    // this sets the agent velocities for the frame
    void setPreferredVelocities();
    // sees if all agents have reached the goal
    bool reachedGoal() ;
    // This will update the sim
    void timerEvent(QTimerEvent *);
```

Commit message:

added a demo to plot the tracks of the agents

README.md, after:

#RVO2 NGL Demos
![alt tag](http://nccastaff.bournemouth.ac.uk/jmacey/GraphicsLib/Demos/RVO2.png)

A series of demos showing how to use the RV02 and RV02-3D [lib](http://gamma.cs.unc.edu/RVO2/) and NGL. For ease of use and compilation I have copied the source code of the libraries to the project directory and included them in the source build.

#[Blocks](https://github.com/NCCA/RVO2NGL/tree/master/Blocks)
This demo creates 4 block an a series of agents to navigate around them. It is based on [this](https://github.com/snape/RVO2/blob/master/examples/Blocks.cpp) demo.

#[Circle](https://github.com/NCCA/RVO2NGL/tree/master/Circle)
This demo creates a circle of agents and makes them travel to thier antipodal position on the circle. It is based on [this](https://github.com/snape/RVO2/blob/master/examples/Circle.cpp) demo.

#[Roadmap](https://github.com/NCCA/RVO2NGL/tree/master/Roadmap)

Example file showing a demo with 100 agents split in four groups initially positioned in four corners of the environment. Each agent attempts to move to other side of the environment through a narrow passage generated by four obstacles. There is a roadmap to guide the agents around the obstacles.

It is based on [this](https://github.com/snape/RVO2/blob/master/examples/Roadmap.cpp) demo.


#[Circle](https://github.com/NCCA/RVO2NGL/tree/master/Sphere)
This demo uses the RVO2-3D version from [here] (https://github.com/snape/RVO2-3D). This demo creates a sphere of agents and makes them travel to thier antipodal position on the circle. It is based on [this](https://github.com/snape/RVO2-3D/blob/master/examples/Sphere.cpp) demo.

#[Blocks](https://github.com/NCCA/RVO2NGL/tree/master/Tracks)
This demo creates 4 block an a series of agents to navigate around them. It is based on [this](https://github.com/snape/RVO2/blob/master/examples/Blocks.cpp) demo. This version also plots the tracks made by the agents as a series of points.

#Code Structure


These demos are all based on the examples shiped with the library and have the same format for each, the initial demos are highlighted above.

```
	/// a pointer to the sim
    std::unique_ptr<RVO::RVOSimulator > m_sim;
    /// goals for the sim to reach
    std::vector <int> m_goals;
    // called to setup the simulation
    void setupSim();
    // this sets the agent velocities for the frame
    void setPreferredVelocities();
    // sees if all agents have reached the goal
    bool reachedGoal() ;
    // This will update the sim
    void timerEvent(QTimerEvent *);
```
